README.md, before:

# StudentHub
A student-oriented hub for providing and integrating various academic, social, gaming, and other apps


# Installation
// TODO: write a build script for use in ubuntu?

## Install PostgreSQL
//TODO: Include instructions for basic PostgreSQL and provide resources for configuration <br>
Alternatively, you can use a remote RDMS (ideally PostgreSQL) if one is available to you. 
Simply update settings.json as appropriate for database access


## Install python (if necessary)
First, install python 
`sudo apt-get python3` // TODO: update this command

## Install pip
https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/

## Install virtualenv
https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation/ <br>
Alternatively you can use virtualenvwrapper for simpler cli commands

## Create virtualenv
`virtualenv -p python3 env/student-hub` <br>
Note: env should not be in version control

## Create project directory and clone repository
// TODO: update this to reflect mk dir and cd
// TODO: add git clone command

## Settings
Settings are read from `~/studenthub/config/settings.json` <br>
Copy contents from `settings_sample.json` to a a new file `settings.json` and modify as 
appropriate. Reach out to fellow contributors as needed for settings.

// TODO: Add more initialization steps

# Model Database Migrations
## Take care committing migrations!
Migrations should made by the developer updating one model at a time. The developer 
should then run `python manage.py makemigrations <app-name>` when committing changes 
to the repository.<br><br>
The following link discusses the issues with conflicts in migrations in vcs.<br>
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28035119/should-i-be-adding-the-django-migration-files-in-the-gitignore-file

# Games
## Trivia game
Trivia should be initialized with data using the populate_trivia script. <br>
`python manage.py populate_trivia`

Commit message:

Added 'business' logic for trivia as custom Managers. json prints in test view

README.md, after:

# StudentHub
A student-oriented hub for providing and integrating various academic, social, gaming, and other apps


# Installation
// TODO: write a build script for use in ubuntu?

## Install PostgreSQL
//TODO: Include instructions for basic PostgreSQL and provide resources for configuration <br>
 3) Create username and password for database access.<br>
 4) Create the database django will use ie `studenthub` <br>
 5) Update settings.json to reflect db settings (more on that later)
Alternatively, you can use a remote RDMS (ideally PostgreSQL) if one is available to you. 
Simply update settings.json as appropriate for database access


## Install python (if necessary)
First, install python 
`sudo apt-get python3` // TODO: update this command

## Install pip
https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/

## Install virtualenv
https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation/ <br>
Alternatively you can use virtualenvwrapper for simpler cli commands

## Create virtualenv
`virtualenv -p python3 env/student-hub` <br>
Note: env should not be in version control

## Create project directory and clone repository
// TODO: update this to reflect mk dir and cd
// TODO: add git clone command

## Settings
Settings are read from `~/studenthub/config/settings.json` <br>
Copy contents from `settings_sample.json` to a a new file `settings.json` and modify as 
appropriate. Reach out to fellow contributors as needed for settings.

// TODO: Add more initialization steps

## Migrations
Apply migrations: `python manage.py migrate` <br>
This applies existing "migrations" from VCS to your database, and defines the schema 
(types/structure/constraints) for the data in the database

## Take care committing migrations!
Migrations should made by the developer updating one model at a time. The developer 
should then run `python manage.py makemigrations <app-name>` when committing changes 
to the repository.<br><br>
The following link discusses the issues with conflicts in migrations in vcs.<br>
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28035119/should-i-be-adding-the-django-migration-files-in-the-gitignore-file

# Games
## Trivia game
Trivia should be initialized with data using the populate_trivia script. <br>
`python manage.py populate_trivia`
